= redmine_version_burndown
ja:
* このプラグインは、バージョンに存在するチケットの予定工数と作業実績からバーンダウンチャートを作成します。

en:
* Version Burndown Charts Plugin create burndown chart graph for scrum from ticket's estimated hours and %Done in target version.

== Details
ja:
* バーンダウンチャートの開始日は、バージョン内にあるチケットの中で、最も早い開始日となります。
* 実績の線は、チケットの完了日時（ジャーナルファイル）と、そのチケットの予定工数と進捗を使って計算しています。

en:
* The start date of the burndown chart is assumed to be earliest start date in the ticket in the version.
* The line of performanse is calculated by the completion date of the ticket (by journal file) and the ticket's estimated hours and %Done.

== Plugin Installation
* Download open_flash_chart 2.1.1.
* Unpack and move into Redmine's plugins directory
* Rename the plugin directory to open_flash_chart.
 If you want to get from Github, please use following command.
     cd ${RAILS_ROOT}/plugins
     git clone git://github.com/pullmonkey/open_flash_chart.git
* Download Version Burndown Charts.
* Unpack and move into RAILS_ROOT/plugins.
* Rename the plugin directory to redmine_version_burndown
	* If you want to get from Github, please use following command.
     cd ${RAILS_ROOT}
     git clone git://github.com/daipresents/redmine_version_burndown_charts.git plugins/redmine_version_burndown
* Restart Redmine.
* Login and configure the plugin (Administration > Roles and permissions > Permissions report)
* Configure the project (Project > Settings > Modules).
* Create version and set due date.
* Create ticket and set start date, estimated hours.
* Logged ticket status...
* Click to version burndown charts menu.

== Note
=== 0.1.0
* I tested this plugin Redmine 1.1.2 + MySQL5.1.
* Adjust Perfect Line straight.
* Added Upper and Lower line.
* Modified caluculation logic that only use child issue's value.
* Modified meaning of done. This plugin use "% Done" value.

0.1.0 feature made by asura(https://github.com/asura). Thank you!

=== 0.0.6
* I tested this plugin Redmine 1.0.5 + MySQL5.1.
* Added feature: Perfect Line

=== 0.0.5
* I tested this plugin Redmine 0.9.2 + MySQL5.1.

=== 0.0.6
* Made compatible with Rails 3 and Redmine 2.
* Removed need to copy assets from open_flash_chart
* Tested with Redmine 2.3-stable and MySQL 5.5.

== License
This plugin is licensed under GNU General Public License version 3.

